I will make a cow of 2
My dear wife.
And my second son, my second son, Ahahahahah my son,
Come on, this is the new one. There 's one thing I'm worried about . It 's your mother.
My mom is so good
If you get close to another guy, you 'll never get it.
I am so happy you are so happy.
I will not be lonely when I'm gone.
Maybe you can take a picture of us together and burn it off.
Where to place the bed look, even after five decades thou our kind of spirit live
You can.
Hello ah
Well, you do not want to support it anymore.
Lara andoejyo risk, I recommend a very easy, easy as per law
Oh, and now, ahead of the appointed committee members Patty death and no child
5 I wish increase of the Yun family by the last moments of the insert
I thought I would not die of soul in technological development.
Looks like it was a part of it.
But my dear brothers and sisters in Korea and my family in Canada
He'll be alive forever through his memory .
Cooperative bus that we decided
I can not.
Short but intense
I do not like to hear this more Yomi Korean instead of small ones 1
Six weeks later , Julien would not be ahead of pressure at such a time
I'm gonna have me talking to you, thank you hard
4 So I will be the first one .
jtbc
a